gatsby-starter-blog-with-lunr/src/pages/blog/2023-09-13-what-are-phishing-attacks.md, before:

---
templateKey: faq-question
title: What are phishing attacks?
date: 2023-09-01T21:04:00.682Z
tags:
  - question
---

## What are phishing attacks?

### Phishing Attacks

Phishing attacks are a type of cyberattack in which malicious actors use deception and fraudulent techniques to trick individuals into revealing sensitive information, such as login credentials, personal information, financial details, or even installing malicious software on their devices. These attacks typically involve impersonating a trusted entity, such as a legitimate organization or individual, to manipulate the victim into taking specific actions.

Here's how a typical phishing attack works:

1. **Email Phishing:** Attackers send deceptive emails that appear to be from a reputable source, such as a bank, social media platform, government agency, or a well-known company. These emails often contain urgent or enticing messages to prompt recipients to take action.

2. **Spoofed Websites:** The email may contain links to spoofed websites that mimic the appearance of legitimate sites. When victims click on these links, they are directed to a fake login page where they are prompted to enter their sensitive information.

3. **Social Engineering:** Phishers often use social engineering tactics to manipulate victims emotionally or psychologically. They may create a sense of urgency, fear, or curiosity to make recipients more likely to click on malicious links or provide information.

4. **Malware Distribution:** Some phishing attacks involve sending malicious attachments or links that, when clicked, install malware on the victim's device. This malware can steal data, record keystrokes, or provide remote access to the attacker.

5. **Smishing and Vishing:** In addition to email-based phishing, attackers may use text messages (smishing) or phone calls (vishing) to trick individuals into revealing sensitive information or taking certain actions over the phone.

6. **Spear Phishing:** This is a more targeted form of phishing where attackers tailor their messages to specific individuals or organizations. They gather information about their targets, such as job titles or personal interests, to make their phishing attempts more convincing.

7. **Pharming:** In pharming attacks, cybercriminals manipulate DNS (Domain Name System) settings to redirect victims to malicious websites even if they enter the correct website address in their browsers.

Phishing attacks are a widespread and continuously evolving threat in the digital world. To protect against phishing, individuals and organizations should:

- Be cautious of unsolicited emails or messages.
- Verify the authenticity of websites before entering sensitive information.
- Avoid clicking on suspicious links or downloading attachments from unknown sources.
- Use strong, unique passwords and consider two-factor authentication.
- Educate themselves and their employees about phishing techniques and red flags.
- Install and regularly update security software and email filters to detect phishing attempts.

By remaining vigilant and practicing good cybersecurity hygiene, individuals and organizations can reduce their susceptibility to phishing attacks.

Commit message:

Fixing up some blog posts to appear on the blog page

gatsby-starter-blog-with-lunr/src/pages/blog/2023-09-13-what-are-phishing-attacks.md, after:

---
templateKey: blog-post
title: What are phishing attacks?
date: 2023-09-01T21:04:00.682Z
description: A description of various types of phishing attachs and how to protect against them
featuredpost: false
featuredimage: ../../../static/img/flavor_wheel.jpg
tags:
  - question
---

## What are phishing attacks?

### Phishing Attacks

Phishing attacks are a type of cyberattack in which malicious actors use deception and fraudulent techniques to trick individuals into revealing sensitive information, such as login credentials, personal information, financial details, or even installing malicious software on their devices. These attacks typically involve impersonating a trusted entity, such as a legitimate organization or individual, to manipulate the victim into taking specific actions.

Here's how a typical phishing attack works:

1. **Email Phishing:** Attackers send deceptive emails that appear to be from a reputable source, such as a bank, social media platform, government agency, or a well-known company. These emails often contain urgent or enticing messages to prompt recipients to take action.

2. **Spoofed Websites:** The email may contain links to spoofed websites that mimic the appearance of legitimate sites. When victims click on these links, they are directed to a fake login page where they are prompted to enter their sensitive information.

3. **Social Engineering:** Phishers often use social engineering tactics to manipulate victims emotionally or psychologically. They may create a sense of urgency, fear, or curiosity to make recipients more likely to click on malicious links or provide information.

4. **Malware Distribution:** Some phishing attacks involve sending malicious attachments or links that, when clicked, install malware on the victim's device. This malware can steal data, record keystrokes, or provide remote access to the attacker.

5. **Smishing and Vishing:** In addition to email-based phishing, attackers may use text messages (smishing) or phone calls (vishing) to trick individuals into revealing sensitive information or taking certain actions over the phone.

6. **Spear Phishing:** This is a more targeted form of phishing where attackers tailor their messages to specific individuals or organizations. They gather information about their targets, such as job titles or personal interests, to make their phishing attempts more convincing.

7. **Pharming:** In pharming attacks, cybercriminals manipulate DNS (Domain Name System) settings to redirect victims to malicious websites even if they enter the correct website address in their browsers.

Phishing attacks are a widespread and continuously evolving threat in the digital world. To protect against phishing, individuals and organizations should:

- Be cautious of unsolicited emails or messages.
- Verify the authenticity of websites before entering sensitive information.
- Avoid clicking on suspicious links or downloading attachments from unknown sources.
- Use strong, unique passwords and consider two-factor authentication.
- Educate themselves and their employees about phishing techniques and red flags.
- Install and regularly update security software and email filters to detect phishing attempts.

By remaining vigilant and practicing good cybersecurity hygiene, individuals and organizations can reduce their susceptibility to phishing attacks.
